	BY and by, when we got up, we turned over thetruck the gang had stolen off of the wreck, andfound boots, and blankets, and clothes, and all sorts ofother things, and a lot of books, and a spyglass, andthree boxes of cigars. We hadn't ever been this richbefore in either of our lives. The cigars were prime.We laid off all the afternoon in the woods talking, andme reading the books, and having a general good time.I told Jim all about what happened inside the wreckand at the ferryboat, and I said these kinds of thingswas adventures; but he said he didn't want no moreadventures. He said that when I went in the texasand he crawled back to get on the raft and found hergone he nearly died, because he judged it was all upwith HIM anyway it could be fixed; for if he didn't getsaved he would get drowned; and if he did getsaved, whoever saved him would send him back homeso as to get the reward, and then Miss Watson wouldsell him South, sure. Well, he was right; he wasmost always right; he had an uncommon level headfor a nigger.	I read considerable to Jim about kings and dukesand earls and such, and how gaudy they dressed, andhow much style they put on, and called each otheryour majesty, and your grace, and your lordship, andso on, instead of mister; and Jim's eyes bugged out,and he was interested. He says:	"I didn't know they was so many of them. I hadn't heard about any of them, but old King Sollermun, unless you count them kings that's in a pack of cards. How much does a king get?"	"Get?" I says; "why, they get a thousand dollarsa month if they want it; they can have just as muchas they want; everything belongs to them."	"AIN'T that gay? And what they got to do, Huck?"	"THEY don't do nothing! Why, how you talk!They just sit around."	"No; is that so?"	"Of course it is. They just sit around -- except,maybe, when there's a war; then they go to the war.But other times they just lazy around; or go hawking-- just hawking and sp -- Sh! -- d' you hear a noise?"	We skipped out and looked; but it wasn't anythingbut the flutter of a steamboat's wheel away down,coming around the point; so we come back.	"Yes," says I, "and other times, when things isdull, they fuss with the parliament; and if everybodydon't go just so he whacks their heads off. Butmostly they hang round the harem."	"Around the which?"	"Harem."	"What's the harem?"	"The place where he keeps his wives. Don't youknow about the harem? Solomon had one; he hadabout a million wives."	"Why, yes, that's so; I -- I'd forgot it. Aharem's a boardinghouse, I reckon. Most likely theyhas rackety times in the nursery. And I reckon the wivesquarrel considably; and that increases the racket. Yet theysay Sollermun the wisest man that ever lived. I don'ttake no stock in that. Because why: would a wise manwant to live in the midst of such a blim-blammin' all thetime? No -- indeed he wouldn't. A wise man would takeand build a boiler factory; and then he could shut DOWN theboiler factory when he wanted to rest."	"Well, but he WAS the wisest man, anyway; because the widow she told me so, her own self."