	BY and by, when we got up, we turned over thetruck the gang had stole off of the wreck, andfound boots, and blankets, and clothes, and all sorts ofother things, and a lot of books, and a spyglass, andthree boxes of seegars. We hadn't ever been this richbefore in neither of our lives. The seegars was prime.We laid off all the afternoon in the woods talking, andme reading the books, and having a general good time.I told Jim all about what happened inside the wreckand at the ferryboat, and I said these kinds of thingswas adventures; but he said he didn't want no moreadventures. He said that when I went in the texasand he crawled back to get on the raft and found hergone he nearly died, because he judged it was all upwith HIM anyway it could be fixed; for if he didn't getsaved he would get drownded; and if he did getsaved, whoever saved him would send him back homeso as to get the reward, and then Miss Watson wouldsell him South, sure. Well, he was right; he wasmost always right; he had an uncommon level headfor a nigger.	I read considerable to Jim about kings and dukesand earls and such, and how gaudy they dressed, andhow much style they put on, and called each otheryour majesty, and your grace, and your lordship, andso on, 'stead of mister; and Jim's eyes bugged out,and he was interested. He says:	"I didn' know dey was so many un um. I hain'thearn 'bout none un um, skasely, but ole King Soller-mun, onless you counts dem kings dat's in a pack erk'yards. How much do a king git?"	"Get?" I says; "why, they get a thousand dollarsa month if they want it; they can have just as muchas they want; everything belongs to them."	"AIN' dat gay? En what dey got to do, Huck?"	"THEY don't do nothing! Why, how you talk!They just set around."	"No; is dat so?"	"Of course it is. They just set around -- except,maybe, when there's a war; then they go to the war.But other times they just lazy around; or go hawking-- just hawking and sp -- Sh! -- d' you hear a noise?"	We skipped out and looked; but it warn't nothingbut the flutter of a steamboat's wheel away down,coming around the point; so we come back.	"Yes," says I, "and other times, when things isdull, they fuss with the parlyment; and if everybodydon't go just so he whacks their heads off. Butmostly they hang round the harem."	"Roun' de which?"	"Harem."	"What's de harem?"	"The place where he keeps his wives. Don't youknow about the harem? Solomon had one; he hadabout a million wives."	"Why, yes, dat's so; I -- I'd done forgot it. Aharem's a bo'd'n-house, I reck'n. Mos' likely deyhas rackety times in de nussery. En I reck'n de wivesquarrels considable; en dat 'crease de racket. Yit deysay Sollermun de wises' man dat ever live'. I doan'take no stock in dat. Bekase why: would a wise manwant to live in de mids' er sich a blim-blammin' all detime? No -- 'deed he wouldn't. A wise man 'ud takeen buil' a biler-factry; en den he could shet DOWN debiler-factry when he want to res'."	"Well, but he WAS the wisest man, anyway; be-cause the widow she told me so, her own self."	"I doan k'yer what de widder say, he WARN'T nowise man nuther. He had some er de dad-fetchedes'ways I ever see. Does you know 'bout dat chile dathe 'uz gwyne to chop in two?"	"Yes, the widow told me all about it."