	and ah more about what our final decisions are, which haven't been made, ah, to match it up.	Good morning.	He has not, and, um, ah, the congress is at the moment, and even yesterday, ah debating that issue on um, on whether ah this is a question of ah whether people who are simply traveling through, ah, should be allowed in, um.  I think everybody is concerned about the added financial burden.  We have a health care system in crisis, um, and um, ah, these ah issues are still being discussed within the administration, and within the Congress.	It depends a little bit on how fast we want to ah take on the issue of those who are uninsured.  Obviously we're very concerned about ah working people in this country; 37 million and their families aren't covered at all; we're concerned about women and children.  So, the access issue and how we ease into that will determine what the ah, what the package will cost.  But right now, we spend more than any other country on earth, it's just unevenly distributed, um, and ah, lots of people in this country are losing benefits, they're getting their benefits reorganized, um, ah.  for your own station, you have many people now that are on contract that don't have health benefits, ah that used to be on regular salary with ah health benefits, and that, that's what's happened to a lot of corporations in this country. 	No we haven't, and I think what Mrs. Clinton was saying is that she believed, for the middle class in particular, we had to be very careful, about adding an additional tax burden.	Um, I think the answer is yes; we've got to try and do that.  Americans feel very strongly about choice, and about having ah, an ability to identify their own ah family physician, particularly for primary care purposes.  They fully understand when they have to go to a specialist and, um, ah, Americans have demonstrated that they're willing to pay for that um, um for what they consider a peace of mind of being comfortable with the person that, that ah their family depends on.	Well, um, It, ah, it may or may not, it depends on the nature of your health coverage.  Um ah this will assure that your children, ah, will always have health coverage no matter what physician they have.  It will allow you to transfer from job to job, ah not being worried about whether you're going to be able to have adequate health coverage for yourself and your family.  Ah, and it gives you the peace of mind of knowing that there always is going to be health coverage.  But I have to know more about your health coverage package, ah	Well, it depends on ah, on ah, on how much we're able to reorganize ah the existing amount of money that we spend on health coverage in this country. We spend an awful lot on administration of programs; there's a lot of ah fat in ah existing programs ah that has to do with ah everything from waste fraud and abuse to ah, to um, to ah, too, too many administrative costs.  There's ah, there's a lot of craziness in the system.  Like laboratories that charge the government more money for ah a test than they do for the private sector.  So getting a more rational system ah first and then taking a look at the financing, and it may not cost ah individuals anything; it depends on what kind of um, what kind of um taxes we come up with, or what kinds of other, what other cuts or financing schemes we come up with.	You're welcome.